Changelog 145 (#113)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2021-04-12-changelog-145.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #145"
date: 2021-04-12 17:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6829 -->
* Add `Unreachable code` inspection and quick-fix

    TODO: GIF

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/7033 -->
* Basic multiresolution at module scope in new [new name resolution](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/6217) engine

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/7005 -->
* Annotate wrong order of const generic parameters without `const_generics` feature

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6457 -->

> * Add inspection that annotates invalid references in `TOML` string literals. The inspection can be extended by other plugins. For example, Rust plugin provides file references to local dependency, build script and workspace paths in `Cargo.toml` as well as references to Cargo [features](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html) and the inspection highlights all unresolved ones. Additionally, it provides a quick-fix to create a non-existent file from the corresponding file reference (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: IMO this description is a bit difficult to read right now, maybe rephrase it somehow? A possible option:
```suggestion
* Add `Unresolved reference` inspection for `Cargo.toml` files. The inspection highlights unresolved references in `TOML` string literals and provides a quick-fix to create a new file for the corresponding unresolved path.
Note, the plugin provides such references for local dependencies, build scripts, workspace paths, and Cargo [features](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html). The set of analyzed references can be extended by other plugins (by [@Kobzol])
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6969 -->

> * Make dependencies completion in `Cargo.toml` more intuitive and faster when using crates local index. Note, this feature is disabled by default for now. To use it, enable `org.rust.crates.local.index` experimental feature

Reviewer 2: let's move this item into fix section and group it with other fixes related to crates local index

## Performance Improvements

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/7038 -->
* Speedup a token tree serialization/deserialization in the macro expansion engine

## Fixes

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6890 -->
* Don't show separate nodes for stdlib dependencies when `org.rust.cargo.fetch.actual.stdlib.metadata` experimental feature is enabled

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/7012 -->
* Don't import default type parameters by `Extract Function` refactoring (`Refactor | Extract | Method` or <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd>)

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/7026 -->
* Omit default type parameters in a `Convert to type` quick-fix text

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6945 -->
* Fix exception in `Move` refactoring (`Refactor | Move` or <kbd>F6</kbd>) when it was first cancelled and then invoked again

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6968 -->

> * Don't suggest postfix templates inside string literals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Don't suggest [postfix templates](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-code-generation.html#postfix-completion) inside string literals
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/7013 -->
* Fix type inference for array index operator in Rust 1.50

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/7007 -->
* Fix unification with the never type `!` in `match` arms

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/7053 -->

> * Fix name resolution of items in standard library with `cfg` attribute in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix name resolution of stdlib items with `cfg` attributes in some cases
```
